# sustainable_ecosystems
This is the type of futuristic self growth ecosystem that produces and consumes products that allow no external dependencies especially money and human labor. This can lead to futuristic cities that can sustain without external aids, supplies over a long period. This is possible by knowing the needs of the residents, proper planning over the years, use of automation, right set of technologies, proper farming, use of robotic labor, no bias or corruption, simple living and same type of treatment and share in the ecosystem, irrespective of role, title etc. Every one gets the base income and allows plenty of room for newer projects that help in increasing the supplies. There is a point where supply exceeds demand and this is the time when people start coming out of greed, desire to store, desire to steal, rob and ill intentions. This is the point where we might be returning to a golden age of abundance. 

Self sustainable ecosystem consists of cooperative units like the urban industries, and rural units. The supply chain, demand creation, making money by completing the supply chain, reinvesting back to ecosystem etc all are put in perfect harmony and no waste is generated. This ecosystem will make you self sustainable, use your own supply, create in demand products for abundance etc. Fully recycled, reused , eco-friendly, free energy harnessing, and use of lesser loan money for the working capital etc. Money, greed, monopoly has no place in this ecosystem. Much of these ecosystems are governed by QAI ASI SuperComputers that can process the various needs, ration proper needed quantities/portions and avoids stealing of opportunity cost that is mostly reserved for personal ends in current time situations.     
